=No Pain No Gain=
(Adapted from the Qidian novel)
("Losing Money to Be a Tycoon"
by Qingshan Quzui)
=Episode 24=
(This story is purely fictional.)
(Six Months Earlier)
I've already written my will.
If you four
want to take over Jinghong,
you must...
Must understand...
Understand clearly
about Tengda...
Daddy.
Doctor.
Dad.
Please don't rush.
Take it slow.
Let me say a few words
after you're done.
You must manage...
Tengda...
is the key to bringing Jinghong back...
from the brink.
Daddy.
No!
Dad!
The old man is still breathing.
You're all a bit too eager, aren't you?
(Now)
(Outpatient Clinic)
Mr. Sima,
my hand is almost healed.
How long are you
planning to keep sleeping?
How about this?
Let me tell you a story.
Once upon a time,
there was an ordinary man
who boarded a private jet.
On that plane was a tycoon.
The tycoon told him
to set up a company.
As long as his projects lost money,
he would make a profit.
But if they made money,
then each month
he could only take five thousand.
In the end, every project he did
turned a profit.
So he could only
take five thousand a month...
So we finally meet.
Mr. Pei.
My father has mentioned you
often these past two years.
He told us
that you are, in his heart,
the ideal successor
in the way one ought to be.
Wait.
I should know your name.
Four, three, two...
Sima
Wan?
As expected of Mr. Pei.
You're quick to catch on.
No wonder my father
values you the most.
He always talks about
how outstanding you are.
He also says that today's Tengda
is exactly what he once imagined
Jinghong should have become.
What are you getting at?
Can you just speak plainly?
Once upon a time,
there was a young man
who boarded a private jet.
On that plane was a tycoon.
The tycoon told him
to set up a company.
When you run projects,
as long as they lose money,
you get rewarded.
But if you make money,
each month,
you can only take five thousand.
Hold on.
This...
This contract
was confidential.
How do you know about it?
There were plenty
of contracts like this
on his plane.
Have you ever thought about
why that plane
is always waiting there?
Because every time you get off,
someone else gets on.
I've studied you.
To ensure losses,
when running projects,
you exhausted every option to add costs,
finding unconventional paths.
And that
became innovation.
In order to raise costs,
you treated your employees well,
and instead made those people
willing to give even more
for a boss like you.
The path Tengda took
made my father see hope.
In his eyes, Jinghong
had already decayed beyond saving.
And Tengda
became his chance at renewal.
Now I finally understand.
All these years,
I was just a lab rat
raised by the Sima family,
and Tengda was nothing
more than a test field.
Tengda succeeded,
and so did my father's experiment.
Your employees
seem to be living quite happily.
But what about you?
Earning only five thousand
a month at Tengda,
still burdened by a mortgage,
and taking on side jobs
like being a designated driver.
In the end,
the only one who lost out
was you, Mr. Pei.
Look at yourself now.
Do you still want to keep going?
What are you really trying to say?
In my father's eyes,
you are no different from his sons.
Whoever crosses the finish line
is the winning horse.
My foolish younger brothers
actually thought they could inherit it!
What they didn't realize was
that we weren't even candidates.
So you also want to take over Tengda?
Mr. Pei,
as for me,
I saw through it long ago.
I want Tengda
to declare bankruptcy.
So what you are saying is,
you want revenge on your father?
I want him to see
that he and all his experiments
were completely wrong!
So,
Tengda's collapse
must be carried out by you.
Why should I listen to you?
Besides,
this is your family's business.
Do not drag Tengda into it.
No.
Mr. Pei, did you forget?
Tengda is our family's company.
My offer
is far more reasonable
than what my father gave you.
After all,
it's about getting what we each want
and benefiting both sides.
My request is simple.
Right now, Tengda
is nearly drained dry
by my younger brothers.
Now your agreement with my father
cannot be fulfilled.
Mr. Pei,
end all of this.
Have you not always
wanted to be free of it, too?
I am just
giving you a push.
As long as Tengda
declares bankruptcy at once,
all the money in it
will be yours.
After all these hard years,
it is time
to think about yourself.
When Tengda declares bankruptcy,
whatever money is left...
I will transfer it
to your account at once.
Then,
you will be completely free.
(One Month Later)
There seems to be a bug here.
I will send it to Yada later.
Lin Wan.
I gave all those orders
to Liu.
Okay.
Yada, there are quite
a few bugs in this.
Later...
Okay.
Wei.
Look.
It is wrong, right?
Where is the pen?
Did you send it?
You did, right?
I have seen it.
I saw it. Give me a moment.
Huang. Come here. I need to talk to you.
- Mr. Ma, just a second.
- Um, I...
Qian.
You are back.
Why did you not tell us in advance?
We could have picked you up.
Mr. Pei is back!
Mr. Pei.
Quickly.
Mr. Pei is back.
Mr. Pei, you're finally back!
Have you fully recovered?
You should have rested longer.
Mr. Pei.
You look exhausted.
You shouldn't have come in.
You should be resting at home.
Exactly.
You care far too much about work.
While you were away,
all departments
have returned to normal.
Yes.
Mr. Pei. No need to worry
about the company.
Everything is running well.
We have all
taken good care of ourselves.
It is your health that worries us.
Exactly, Mr. Pei.
We have started working on
the Divine Mountains
and Seas version 2.0.
Impressive, right?
Look at you, huh?
Why show off something
that is not even finished?
Mr. Pei, do not worry.
The mess those Simas left behind
can be handled by us.
We have taken very good care
of the company.
The highest level of management
is governed by noninterference.
Exactly.
Could this be a setup
Mr. Pei planned for us?
Mr. Pei.
You can be completely at ease.
Go home and rest properly.
Focus on recovery.
Once you are better, there is no need
to rush back to the company.
Didn't you enjoy
doing rideshare driving? Go do that.
Experiencing life.
Exactly.
I am telling you...
Huang, perfect timing.
I need to talk to you.
You go rest for a bit.
Sit in the office for a while.
I will find you later.
Huang, come here.
I need to speak with you.
Come on.
Huang, come over here.
Come talk to me.
No. I still need to see Hao Qiong later.
I just wanted to tell you this.
I want you to accept my investment.
Start a company.
You provide the startup capital,
and I set up the company?
If it succeeds,
I get nothing.
If it loses money, you pay me instead?
(The arrangement is simple.)
(The greater the losses
the company makes,)
(the more you personally gain.)
What exactly do you want?
When Tengda makes money,
you are happy too, aren't you?
So why insist that I run it into losses?
(I have studied you.)
(To create losses,)
(when running projects,)
(you exhaust every option
to raise costs,)
finding unconventional ways.
That, instead,
became innovation.
To add costs,
you treat employees well.
And that makes them
willing to give more
for a boss like you.
(Do you really think
he was doing charity?)
(He is afraid that as he grows old,)
(Jinghong will be swept away
by the tide of the times.)
(He just wanted to find someone)
(to help him extend his capital empire.)
Ms. Xin,
tell me, why did Mr. Sima
have to choose me?
(Have you ever thought about)
(why that plane)
(is always waiting there?)
(Because every time you get off,)
(someone else gets on.)
In my father's eyes,
whoever crosses the finish line
is the good horse.
Since you chose to start with games,
well...
I wish you success in
losing your way to the top.
(Even my father never expected)
(that you would
actually build Tengda up.)
(The industries involved)
(kept expanding.)
(Honestly...)
Besides games,
there are many other fields.
Just because games
are not going smoothly
does not mean others will not.
(Once an experiment succeeds,)
(there will be another one.)
(Behind you,)
(his hand will always be there.)
And we will always
remain on this chessboard.
(Mr. Sima,)
(can you let me)
return to Tengda?
Mr. Pei,
since we are all
just pieces being moved,
why not
flip the chessboard together?
So after you got off that plane,
someone else boarded it.
All that talk
about losing more to gain more,
yet in the end, you gained nothing.
You even lost your own life to it.
Is that still a life?
In the Sima family's eyes,
all of this is just their assets.
- Sima Wan is right.
- Why don't we
- flip this board over?
Take care.
Mr. Pei.
You know,
I usually do not work at this hour.
Ms. Xin.
All these years, there's been something
I have always wanted to ask you.
Why did Mr. Sima choose me?
It seems
Sima Wan has already talked to you.
They called it
a confidentiality agreement,
yet it only kept things secret from me.
The Sima family's affairs
are not for me to comment on.
That is true.
The information on you
and the other candidates
was all gathered by me,
but the one who chose you
was him.
In fact, no one really knows
what Mr. Sima is thinking.
He may have felt that you were more like
an ordinary person,
unlike those
who only wanted to secure
his investment.
You think quickly,
you dare to challenge authority,
and in the Fuhui Job-Security
Survival Manual,
you pointed out many problems
that truly existed at Fuhui.
Ms. Xin,
I feel that...
I am slowly
becoming less and less like
the person you described.
I cannot keep going anymore.
Given Mr. Sima's current situation,
whatever you decide to do,
I cannot stop you.
And,
from a personal standpoint,
you truly should
start thinking about yourself.
(Drop your worries,
make life a little sweeter)
(Sima Wan)
Hello.
It is me.
Mr. Pei,
it seems we can talk
about our plan now.
(Shenhua International)
Why do I feel hungry again
right after eating?
I kind of feel like having some coffee.
Yeah, I want coffee too.
What do you want? Americano?
I want an iced Americano.
Alright.
I will order for everyone in a bit.
Let me tell you something.
These people only know
how to laugh. Nothing else.
Exactly.
No matter their language skills,
all they do is laugh.
Right?
Do you think I might actually
have real talent as a screenwriter?
Lu Zhiyao said what I wrote was good.
You should be careful.
Seriously.
Listen...
It's really my passion.
I can really make a story
full of twists and turns.
And who else mentioned Lu Zhiyao?
Lu Zhiyao told you that?
Yes.
What kind of literary level
does he even have?
I will take everyone on a trip.
A trip?
Let me say a few words.
Maybe I really am talented.
Alright then. What do you want to eat?
Let me say a few words.
Mr. Pei wants to say a few words.
When did Mr. Pei come in?
From the day Tengda
was founded until now,
I never once imagined
that Tengda would grow
into a company of this scale.
At the very beginning,
I only wanted to make something
like The Lonely Road.
The Lonely Road was amazing.
Back then,
I played it for days straight,
and it changed how I saw life.
When I was at Sky Fire,
everyone played it.
Exactly.
Then, later came M&Y Internet Cafe,
Feihuang Pictures,
and Sloth Gym.
I never expected
that everyone...
M&Y Internet Cafe was
the work of the two of us,
plus Zhang Yuan and Chen Lei.
It was the result of all our efforts.
When I was still in school, I...
Mr. Pei.
Feihuang Pictures has not wrapped yet.
Almost.
Anyway,
for personal reasons,
and everything
I have been through recently,
I have decided to shut down
all of Tengda's businesses.
As for everyone here,
I will also make arrangements for you.
Really. There are still
two fairies in my script.
Seriously, you two can play them.
I will get everything back for you.
When the time comes,
we can mark it
as the former site of Bao Xu.
There really should be a sign.
One that says "Former Site of Bao Xu."
Just do not turn it
into a historical ruin.
You should definitely
go check it out, Lv.
Calm down.
Mr. Pei seems a bit off today.
Something does not feel right.
What do you mean, not right?
Didn't he just say he wanted to...
Did I mishear that just now?
You did not mishear.
He really meant to shut Tengda...
down?
Wei.
Wei, what is going on?
What happened to Mr. Pei?
It is fine.
Well,
it is nothing.
Let's end things here for today.
Meeting adjourned.
Everyone, get back to work.
And please make sure
to keep pushing forward
on whatever you are handling right now.
That's it. It's fine.
Alright. Okay. Let's go.
Let's go.
(Tengda Games)
Qian.
What is going on?
You were joking just now, right?
I have already made my decision.
But do not worry.
You have worked
at Tengda for many years.
I will have Finance make arrangements.
In accordance with labor law,
you will all receive compensation.
What compensation?
What are you talking about?
Mr. Pei.
Are you joking?
Did the company
run into some kind of trouble?
We can solve it together.
Yes.
Mr. Pei.
Why is this so sudden?
I have always taken you
as a professional role model.
But over these years,
you always seemed like
you were carrying a heavy burden.
Are you really giving up?
Lin Wan.
I am actually not worthy
of being your role model.
All these years,
I never once thought
about holding on
for the sake of the company.
I wanted to give up long ago.
No.
We all believe in you.
You are not that kind of person.
What if I am exactly
that kind of person?
I made Bao Xu, who hates going out,
go traveling.
I made Lv, who did not
want responsibility,
take charge of the game.
I sent Ma Yang,
who knows nothing about investment,
to run DreamForge Capital.
I forced you to work on the genre
you hated most, soulslike games.
I made Huang Sibo write that script
he will never finish!
Let me tell you all this.
I did not even want your
Divine Mountains and Seas to launch!
I wanted all your hard work
to come to nothing!
Is it possible that I am just
that selfish?
That I have been playing
all of you all along?
♪Strolling through the afternoon♪
♪At a crossroads with no one around♪
♪No one really notices me♪
♪And no one ever says♪
♪I take a sip of beer♪
♪All the happiness
has nothing to do with me♪
♪This road, I will walk it
slowly on my own♪
(Shared Phone Booth Closure Notice)
♪Just leave me alone♪
♪So it turns out
I have always been alone♪
♪I will try my best to hide it♪
♪I just can't be like what you like♪
(Four Wall Apartments)
♪Just leave me alone♪
♪Maybe I am better off alone♪
♪I will try my best to hide it♪
♪I just can't be like what you like♪
(Upstairs for Sloth Gym)
(Episode 1. Northern Continent)
♪Strolling through the afternoon♪
(Zhongdian Web Fiction)
(Let great books
end their journey here.)
♪No one really notices me♪
♪And no one ever says♪
Bo, we are leaving.
Goodbye.
♪I take a sip of beer♪
♪All the happiness
has nothing to do with me♪
Wait.
Keep writing.
Let good stories
live on without end.
(Zhongdian Web Fiction)
Yintang.
This is the last time
I pour cat food for you.
You are all packed.
I do not have much stuff either.
I still have an interview later.
I did not expect
to be looking for
the next company so soon.
Son.
From now on,
Mom can pick you up every day.
Then we will head out first.
Let's go.
What are you still standing there for?
Yeah.
The game servers are shut down.
They do not need us anymore.
Let's go.
Do you want me to help you pack?
I am usually
the first one to leave work.
But for some reason,
this is the first time
I do not want to leave the office.
(Stay true to our mission,
succeed for the greater good)
- Mr. Ma.
Most of the staff have already left.
Then...
You two can head out as well.
Is there anything else you need?
No.
Go on.
It is fine.
We will still see each other. Go.
Then we will leave.
Go.
Mr. Ma.
Zhang Yuan said
the internet cafe is almost cleared out.
It will shut down today.
Alright.
Mr. Ma.
The live streaming side
has also completed the final settlement.
Thank you for your hard work.
That is it.
You two can leave as well.
I...
I will help tidy up a bit more.
No need.
I will take care of it myself.
Turn off the light.
I remember.
Go.
Then we are leaving.
We will meet again. Go.
So he is serious.
(Dreams Fulfilled Immediately:
Effective today, DreamForge Capital)
(will suspend all related activities. We
apologize for any inconvenience caused.)
(DreamForge Capital)
(Your goal)
(should be to help)
(countless people realize their dreams.)
(Please state your dream.)
(Other investors
only care about numbers.)
(But you)
(see dreams.)
(Dream)
Mr. Pei.
Are you certain?
Do you really want to move
all the remaining funds...
Yun, please stop asking.
Please make sure to
get this money
into every single person's
hands at Tengda.
(The Divine Mountains
and Seas Service Suspension Notice)
(Dear players, thanks for
your continuous support)
(and love for the game.)
(The game will be shut down immediately,
with details as follows.)
(The Divine Mountains
and Seas Service Suspension Notice)
I'm telling you.
I did not even want
the Divine Mountains and Seas to launch.
I wanted all your hard work
to go to waste!
Here.
Have a candy.
You will feel better.
I could use a drink.
Make do.
Liquor-filled chocolate.
Next time,
I'll put some real liquor here.
(Is Tengda really done for?)
(The Divine Mountains and Seas
shut down today, too.)
(If Tengda goes under, so be it.)
(But why shut down my
Divine Mountains and Seas?)
(I seriously do not get it.)
(What is Tengda doing lately?)
(They look out of their minds.)
(My stress relief game is gone!)
(When I am stressed,)
(I just want to play a game.)
(Why shut it down, too?)
(So much hard work went into it.)
(I could curse them a hundred times.)
(A brief moment of glory.)
(And it is already over
after just a few years.)
Mr. Pei.
You move fast.
Looks like ruining Tengda
is not that hard.
It is just that
before,
you did not have the resolve.
(Profits: Sloth Gym, Shared Phone Booth,
Returning to Shore, Four Wall Apartments,)
(Zhongdian Web Fiction, The Divine
Mountains and Seas, Ponytail Live)
(Loss: Feihuang Pictures)
(Tengda Total Assets)
♪The rain has stopped,
and the sky finally clears♪
♪Yet water still drips from the eaves♪
♪The sun rises,
and dark clouds all disperse♪
♪But why won't my heart dry out?♪
♪Evening glow washes
over unspoken monologues♪
♪Old photos dusted
with a layer of white♪
♪The future we promised♪
♪Was never unwrapped after all♪
♪This wind blows and blows♪
♪Blows but cannot dispel
the haze in my heart♪
♪Longing is rain-soaked kindling♪
♪Like patches of damp moss♪
♪It won't ignite a shred of warmth♪
♪Time spins and spins♪
♪Yet cannot turn back that warmth♪
♪Memories are patches
of light not yet dimmed♪
♪Right and wrong drift
into the evening breeze♪
♪I want to ask, but all questions are♪
♪Blown away by this wind♪
♪Blows but cannot dispel
the haze in my heart♪
♪Longing is rain-soaked kindling♪
♪Like wet moss, clump after clump♪
♪It won't ignite a shred of warmth♪
♪This heavy rain falls, falls, falls♪
♪But it won't wash away
the lingering regret♪
♪We were predestined scenes in a script♪
♪Pushed aside,
with no room to advance or retreat♪
♪Sinking into
the boundless sea of people♪
♪No longer connected♪